Update info about secret versions (#152)
equinor/radix-public-site: public-site/docs/src/guides/azure-key-vaults/index.md

    ![Set secrets](./set-key-vault-secrets-in-radix-console.png)
  - Credential secrets in "qa" environment
    ![Set secrets](./set-key-vault-secrets-in-radix-console-qa.png)

## Azure Key vault secret, certificate and key versions
Secret, certificate and key versions from referenced Azure Key vault currently used by component replicas can be shown in the Radix console.
Click on the link of Azure key vault secret, cert or key to open a popup with this info.
  ![Versions of valid used secrets](./azure-key-vault-secrets-versions-on-radix-console-valid.png)
  ![Versions of invalid or not used secrets](./azure-key-vault-secrets-versions-on-radix-console-failed.png)

> For job component the dialog show information which job or batch uses secret versions (prefixed with "job" and "batch") and which secret version willbe used in new started jobs (consumer is "New job")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For job component the dialog show information which job or batch uses secret versions (prefixed with "job" and "batch") and which secret version will be used in new started jobs (consumer is "New job")
```

```shell
/mnt/secrets $ ls
cert1.crt     cert1.key     cert1.pem  secret1
```

> ## Autorotation of secrets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Auto rotation of secrets
```

> Radix cluster supports Azure Key vault autorotation. Kubernetes secrets, containing Azure Key vault secrets keys and certificates, used in Radix component containers are updated every 2 minutes with new versions of these values if new versions exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radix cluster supports Azure Key vault auto rotation. Kubernetes secrets, containing Azure Key vault secrets keys and certificates, used in Radix component containers are updated every 2 minutes with new versions of these values if new versions exist.
```
